https://codepen.io/rileyderaes/pen/LYNjKgJ?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file Riley-Deraes.txt --> 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Tags like the header tags (<h1>) that do more than just make the page look nice, they give meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Used to create/design webpages, especially combined with CSS.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
It's a word/statement that we put in tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
A title (Header), once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Input and form.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
A title.
    7. What is an id? 
An identifier.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
All.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
Similar to an id, but you can use it multiple times.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Same as id.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
With target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
To display alternate text. (In case the image doesn't load, like a screen reader.)
    15. How do I reference an id?
With an #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section is specifically for a group of text, a div can be for anything.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Styling webpages. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
In CSS, use h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An ID would be used for only one element, but a class can be used for multiple. You'd use an ID if you only had one element to style, but a classs if there were multiple.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
By starting with a period: .class, if it's class="class".
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p:
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
It selects all the children of that parent. When you want to select several at once.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
With nav.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
It's used when an element is in a specific state. (like hover)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Padding in CSS.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing. 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Uppercase.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* Like this */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
On Windows, it'll appear yellow.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm, because there's no undo.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
To make sure you're eediting the right item.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you do something big/don't want to lose progress. Not after every word.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin Riley-Deraes (In my case)
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
There's a much more detailed guide here: https://www.notion.so/GitFlow-step-by-step-a764163309754e23b1b9c4077b1653cc
But in short: 
Fork, clone, copy link, open CLI and go to where you want the repo, git clone [link], cd, git checkout -b "Name" to make your own branch, git add ., git commit -m "why/message", git push -u origin RileyDeraes, submit pull request, make sure you're in the right repo, request review, create PR.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Block elements give a break, inline elements stay inline.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
It'll always go to the upper left side of the screen.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
display: inline-block, and set a width.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Div, h1/6, p
span, img
inline-block
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
By automatically resizing based on the display, but without going "too small".

https://codepen.io/rileyderaes/pen/LYNjKgJ?editors=1100